# 22:00

# 📌 Built-in Field Options
## 1️⃣ `null`
- **This is Database related**
- It contains either True or False. 
- If **True**, Django will store `empty values as NULL` in the **database**.
    - if `null = true` → we can keep the field `blank`
- Default is **False**.
    - must need to `fill-up` that field



## 2️⃣ `blank`
- **This is Form related**
- It contains either True or False. 
- If **True**, the field is `allowed to be blank` in the ***form***.
    - `blank = true` we can keep this field blank

-------
### ⭐ **Note** : `null` is purely database-related, whereas ``blank`` is validation-related.
------


## 3️⃣ `default`
- Default value for the field.
    - used when you don’t provide a value for that field.

## 4️⃣ `verbose_name`
- A `human-readable` name for the field.
- If the **verbose name isn't given**, `Django will automatically create it` using the field's attribute name, converting underscores to spaces.

## 5️⃣ `db_column`
- The ****name**** of the `database column` to use for this field
- If this ****isn't given****, Django will use the field's name.

## 6️⃣ `primary_key`
- If **True**, that field will be the `primary key` for the model.
    - By default, Django adds an id field as the primary key. You only set this if you want a custom primary key.

```py
class Person(models.Model):
        first_name = models. CharField(max_length=30, verbose_name='First Name' )
        last_name = models. CharField(max_length=30, verbose_name='Last Name' )
        email_address = models. EmailField(db_column='email', verbose_name='Email Address')
```

## 7️⃣ `unique`
- Similar to **distinct** in SQL
- If **True**, this field `must be unique throughout the table`.
- This is enforced at the database level and by model validation.

----------------------
## 👉 Some More fields :
- IntegerField
- AutoField
- FloatField
- TextField
- CharField
- BooleanField
- EmailField
- URLField